This README file is for version 1.11, 2011/02/06
of the package `mathastext' for LaTeX2e

Copyright (C) 2011 by Jean-Francois B..

Please report errors to 2589111+jfbu@users.noreply.github.com

Files `mathastext.dtx' and this README may be distributed
and/or modified under the conditions of the LaTeX Project
Public License, either version 1.3 of this license or (at
your option) any later version.

The latest version of this license is in
  http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
and version 1.3 or later is part of all distributions of
LaTeX version 2003/12/01 or later.

THIS IS VERSION 1.11 (2011/02/06)

MAIN CHANGES FROM VERSION 1.1:

   *  various bugs have been corrected

   *  the endash and alldelims options are active by default

   *  the en-dash and dotless i and j are now compatible with
      all encodings, including Unicode

   *  the \Mathastext command has been improved to
      facilitate the mechanism of math versions also when
      using XeTeX or LuaTeX with package fontspec.

USAGE

Include in the preamble 

\usepackage{mathastext}

after other font related packages. This will make your
document use the main text font also in mathematics
mode. The default is that the letters in text and math mode
have the same shape but option `italic' will make the
letters use the italic shape in math mode. Digits and
log-like operator names will be upright (if the text font is
upright). So one can now typeset documents (containing
simple mathematics formulas) with a quite arbitrary TeX text
font, without worrying too much that nobody ever designed
accompanying math fonts.

Options are provided to pick up the Greek letters from
either the Euler or the Symbol font, and they can be scaled
by an arbitrary factor to let them fit with the document
text font. It is also possible to have other packages set up
the fonts for Greek letters, as mathastext by default only
modify the font for Latin letters and typographical
characters.

The goal (somewhat altered by the `italic' option) was to
make documents with the difference between math and text
blurred out, so that the reader would be forced to
concentrate more on the contents: text AND math. There is no
reason to use another font for math: as the text is also an
equation in its own way, everything should be given equal
weight. For example, the package gives results corresponding
to that goal when used with typewriter fonts (possibly of
variable width like Latin Modern Typewriter
Proportional). It also gives interesting results for
calligraphical fonts.

Another feature is that mathastext provides a simple
interface to use many different fonts in the same document,
be it for math or text (not that we recommend abusing it!).

Using mathastext without the `italic' option usually reduces
the size of the final PDF file. The option `symbolmax' will
get quite a few mathematicals glyph from the postscript
Symbol font included in all LaTeX distributions, so that for
documents with simple mathematics, the default math fonts
might be completely avoided. This sometimes leads to smaller
PDF files.

INSTALLATION

Run latex on mathastext.ins to create mathastext.sty from
mathastext.dtx and put it where LaTeX can find it.

To generate documentation, including the commented source
code, run latex on mathastext.dtx 

Illustrative examples are available at 
mathsastext.html

